examples/integration_tests/readme.md, before:

# Integration Test Examples

This directory contains standalone integration test scripts that demonstrate the functionality of the mk_torrent system.

## Files

### `test_audiobook_processor.py`
Demonstrates the new audiobook processor with Audnexus API integration:
- Extracts metadata from real audiobook files
- Shows API vs filename parsing comparison
- Validates AudiobookMeta object creation
- Compares old vs new system implementations

### `test_audnexus_integration.py`
Tests the Audnexus API integration specifically:
- ASIN extraction and validation
- Real API calls to Audnexus database
- Chapter fetching functionality
- Data normalization verification

## Usage

Run from the project root:

```bash
python examples/integration_tests/test_audiobook_processor.py
python examples/integration_tests/test_audnexus_integration.py
```

## Purpose

These scripts serve as:
- Integration testing demonstrations
- Development debugging tools
- Examples of how to use the metadata system
- Validation of API integrations

They are not part of the formal pytest test suite but provide valuable integration testing capabilities.

Commit message:

Enhances audiobook metadata integration demo
Expands demo script with rich visualization, API caching, fuzzy similarity scoring, and comprehensive type annotations for better user experience and robustness. Renames test file to reflect its demonstration purpose and removes obsolete sample validation demo to streamline examples.

examples/integration_tests/readme.md, after:

# Integration Test Examples

This directory contains standalone integration test scripts that demonstrate the functionality of the mk_torrent system.

# Integration Test Examples

This directory contains standalone integration test scripts that demonstrate the functionality of the mk_torrent system.

## Files

### `audiobook_metadata_integration_demo.py`
Comprehensive integration test and demonstration of the complete audiobook metadata pipeline:
- **Three-source metadata extraction**: Audnexus API, embedded file metadata, and path-based parsing
- **Advanced metadata processing**: Smart field merging with declarative precedence rules
- **Rich visualization**: Progress bars, tables, and comparison trees (with rich library)
- **Performance features**: API response caching and fuzzy matching for comparisons
- **Full validation**: AudiobookMeta object creation, completeness scoring, and RED compliance
- **System comparison**: Side-by-side analysis of legacy vs new core architecture
- **Real-world testing**: Uses actual audiobook sample files with automatic fallback detection

### `test_audnexus_integration.py`
Focused test of the Audnexus API integration specifically:
- ASIN extraction and validation from various formats
- Real API calls to Audnexus database with error handling
- Chapter fetching and metadata normalization
- API response validation and data structure verification

## Usage

Run from the project root:

```bash
python examples/integration_tests/audiobook_metadata_integration_demo.py
python examples/integration_tests/test_audnexus_integration.py
```

## Purpose

These scripts serve as:
- **Primary integration validation**: End-to-end testing of the complete metadata pipeline
- **Architecture demonstration**: Showcasing the modular metadata core system capabilities
- **Development debugging tools**: Rich output for troubleshooting metadata extraction issues
- **Performance benchmarking**: Caching, fuzzy matching, and processing speed validation
- **Migration guidance**: Comparing legacy vs modern metadata system implementations
- **User education**: Comprehensive examples of how to use the metadata system effectively

They are not part of the formal pytest test suite but provide critical integration testing and demonstration capabilities for the metadata core system.
